HSEARCH-4806 Alternative basic support for parameters at the query level (#4061)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/reference/_search-dsl-aggregation.adoc

* For fields in nested objects, all nested objects are considered by default,
but that can be <<search-dsl-aggregation-common-filter,controlled explicitly with `.filter(...)`>>.

[[search-dsl-aggregation-withparameters]]
== `withParameters`: create aggregations using query parameters

include::../components/_incubating-warning.adoc[]

The `withParameters` aggregation allows building aggregations using <<search-dsl-query-parameters,query parameters>>.

> This type of aggregation gives user a context exposing an aggregation factory and access to query parameters and delays creating
> an actual aggregation to the query building time allowing all query parameters to be set.

Reviewer: I would avoid the word "user" since it's unclear whether we talk about developers or end users.

```suggestion
This type of aggregation requires a function that accepts query parameters and returns an aggregation. That function will get called at query building time.
```

Same for other documentation.
